Shri Vaishnav Vidyapeeth Vishwavidyalaya is a private university established under Madhya Pradesh Niji Vishwavidyalaya ( Sthapana Avam Sanchalan) Adhiniyam in 2015 at Indore MP(India). The University has been established with a vision to be leader in shaping better future for mankind through quality education, training and research. It shall pursue the mission to make a difference in sustaining the growth of global societies by developing socially responsible citizens. Value based education being at the helm, the University shall promote endurance, excellence, fairness, honesty and transparency as its core values.
Some of the Salient Features are;
Modern curricula and teaching methodologies matching Global Standards with strong emphasis on not just 'learning ‘ but 'understanding', and learning by doing is envisaged by the Universty.Highly experienced full-time/visiting faculty for all drawn from leading Management and Engineering Institutions from across the country and abroad.
A unique one-on-one student-mentoring program for all-round personality development.
Strong Industry Linkages - To impart rich hands-on experience with leading Corporates and Consultancies.We believe that it is our responsibility to develop our students as professionals right on the campus while they are still students. The University considers the students as active partners in managing the University and its activities, such as conferences, guest lectures, seminars, placements, etc., and thus ensuring that they plan and take active role in the life of the University rather than remain passive recipients. The years that students spend at the campus are designed to be the most fulfilling years in their lives.the University firmly believes that it has a major responsibility towards the society at large. Universities play the role of a catalyst for social change and contributes to Nation building. The University has set up Community Development Centre for organizing the activities, such as Blood Donation Camp on the campus, Plantation for green environment,supporting the disadvantaged children, etc.
Co-curricular Activities
The students are encouraged to plan and organize various co-curricular activities, on their own with basic support from the University. Such an atmosphere inculcates in them the spirit of leadership and an understanding of several aspects of management and engineering education. They undertake such activities not merely for the learning value but also for the pleasure that comes with the experience of a job well done. The students recognize their talent and skills in the process and get inspired to develop themselves further. The students are also nominated to participate in co-curricular activities of other leading academic institutions. Efforts are being made to establish students’ chapters and regional centres of various professional bodies, managed by students under stewardship of the faculty members.
One of the most important academia - industry interface that has been initiated is “Manthan” wherein the corporate executives from various domains converge on the University campus and share their views on the chosen theme pertaining to the latest trends in the Indian business arena. The professionals from well-known organisations are invited to address the students to initiate them into the emergent mantras of management and engineering world. It is the interface with reality that helps the students to cope with and stay ahead of changes.The University is committed to organizing Distinguished Guest Lecture Series wherein eminent persons are invited to speak on the topics of contemporary interest. The lecture series will benefits the students, faculty and invitees as well.The University regularly organizes various summits on functional areas of Management, like Finance, Marketing and HR, addressed by academia, industry experts and enlightened government officials.The functional area-wise clubs at the University fulfill the insatiable need of budding professionals for food for thought. The clubs meet weekly, and organize talks by guests and University's students followed by quizzes and interactive games.The University offers a wide scope for extra-curricular activities for the students. Such activities not only make the campus life vibrant but also act as a window to reach out to the management and engineering students across the country.This committee essentially undertakes all the cultural activities at the campus in coordination with other clubs and committees. The committee organizes the events like Sabrang - the national techno-management fest, celebration of festivals like Durga puja, Deepawali, Holi, etc.In this 'Techno-Management Fest', budding managers and technocrats from various institutes converge on the University campus and participate in a number of events/contests. The fest organizes competitions and provides the students an opportunity to showcase their technological and managerial creativity. It is an interface with the reality that helps the students to cope with and stay ahead of change.This committee organizes sports activities. Spardha, a sports meet once a year and different games and tournaments are held throughout the year on a regular basis. There is an active participation of faculty and staff, too.University has established its E-Cell (Entrepreneurship Cell) for inculcating the entrepreneurial skills among the students. Various Entrepreneurship Colloquiums and Seminars on different themes and student activities are held regularly.
Along with the grueling hard work, fun at the campus is a way of life, be it celebrating the Independence Day, organizing Shramdan, Teacher’s Day, Engineer’s Day, Summer Internship Project Contest or an excursion. Welcoming the new batch of students and bidding farewell to the graduating class are other occasions that students celebrate with great fanfare.
Dr. Upinder Dhar is Vice Chancellor . Earlier, he was Group Additional
Vice Chancellor and Pro-Vice Chancellor - Academics, Amity University Uttar Pradesh (Noida); First Vice Chancellor
 of JK Lakshmipat University (Jaipur); Director - Institute of Management, Dean - Faculty of Management, and Dean - Faculty of Doctoral Studies and Research, Nirma University (Ahmedabad); Director - Prestige Institute of Management and Research (Indore); President - Prestige Group of Educational Institutions (Indore); Professor of Management at NITIE (Mumbai); and Reader at IMS-DAVV (Indore). He has conducted more than 600 management and faculty development programs for the executives of major business houses and faculty members of academic institutions respectively. He has also been Guest Faculty at IIM Calcutta, IIM Indore, IIM Trichy and IIT Roorkee. Besides undertaking consultancy assignments, he has authored/co-authored more than 640 publications. Thirty-Four (34) scholars have been awarded Ph.D. degree under his supervision by various universities.

Infrastructure:
A multi-level dynamic resource hub set up on a 2000 Sq Meters and
State-of-the-art IT Infrastructure with a Wi-Fi enabled campus and
Interactive learning from Leading Institutions abroad via Video Conferencing and
Large Amphitheatre type classrooms and
Facilities for extensive sports, recreation, team building and soft skills and
Student Activities Center for all the student activities . Classrooms : 66
Tutorial Rooms : 14
Labs : 53
Workshop : 01
Seminar Halls : 07
Drawing Halls : 01
Language Lab : 01

Ambience, green cover, water harvesting, environment preservation
Greenery is maintained on Campus
The University premises is protected with boundary walls
All rooms and workshops are properly ventilated
Water harvesting system is implemented.
Use of polythene bags is discouraged in the Campus.
Faculty Rooms
All the faculty are provided with individual cabins with white board and computer with internet connectivity
The cabin area is sufficient for discussion/counseling with students
Laboratories including computing facility
All the departments are established with required number of laboratories as per the curriculum and also Value/labs are created to cater to the demands of Industry.
Some of the laboratories are provided with computing facilities meeting the demand of the curriculum.
The laboratories are kept open beyond working hours. All laboratory experiments are conducted by 2 – 3 students per batch
Technical Manpower Support
All the departmental laboratories have the required number of technical manpower in the cadres of Lab Assistants, Lab Technicians, Programmers and Lab Attendants.
They are encouraged to improve their qualifications and upgrade their skills.

B.tech/M.tech courses Computer Science Engineering | CSE (Big Data Analytics-IBM) | CSE (Cloud and Mobile Computing-IBM) | CSE (Artificial Intelligence-IBM)| CSE (Enterprise System-Redhat) | CSE (Information and Cyber Security-NCSSS) | CSE (Mobile Applications) | Computer and Communication Engineering| Computer Science and Business Systems | Information Technology | Electronics & Communication Engineering (IoT) | Electronics & Communication Engineering | Robotics and Automation | Electrical & Electronic Engineering | Electrical Engineering | Civil Engineering | Textile Engineering | Garments and Fashion Technology | Mechanical Engineering | Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering | Automobile Instrumentation Engineering | Railway Engineering | Mechatronics | Instrumentation and Control | Avionics | Instrumentation and Control | Agriculture Engineering.