Shri Vaishnav Vidyapeeth Vishwavidyalaya (SVVV), Indore is recognized as the Most Innovative
 Private University in MP by Times Icons of Madhya Pradesh 2020 and awarded “Longest Continuous SBC” under
 CSI Academic Award in CSI-2020 Annual Convention.

Courses-SVVV Indore offers degree and doctoral courses in the discipline of Engineering,
Management, Science, Arts, Design and many more.

SVVV Indore offers B.Tech, B.Sc, B.Arch, B.Des, B.Sc, B.Sc (Hons), BA and BFA programs
at the UG level, At the PG level, SVVV offers M.Tech, MFA, MCA, MA, M.Sc, MBA and M.Tech courses
and The university also offers various Dual Degree Programs and Ph.D. programs.

SVET is the entrance test to get admission in Engineering.

Candidates can apply for any of the courses in offline mode by sending the filled application form to the university.
Admission to B.Tech will be granted based on the score obtained in JEE Main or SVET.
Admission to B.Arch will be granted based on the score obtained in NATA  or JEE Main Paper II.
For B.Sc, BBA, B.Com (Hons) and BA, admission will be offered based on performance in the qualifying examination followed by Personal Interaction.
For B.Sc(Hons) in Agriculture, selection is done on the basis of MP Pre Agricultural Test (PAT).
Admission to B.Des and BFA program will be granted based on the score obtained in the entrance test conducted by the university followed by an interview.
For the M.Tech program, students must hold a Bachelor's degree in relevant specializations from a recognized university with an aggregate of at least 55% marks and
Selection to the M.Tech program will be granted based on a valid score obtained in GATE or SVET followed by Interview.
Admission to M.Sc. will be offered based on merit in the bachelor’s degree examination followed by Interview.
Selection will be granted to MBA course based on a valid score obtained in CAT/ MAT/ XAT/ ATMA/ CMAT/ SVET.
For MCA, MA, M.Sc. and MFA course, admission will be granted on the basis of merit in Bachelor’s degree examination followed by an interview.
Selection to LLM is done on the basis of All India Admission Test conducted by the university.
Candidates must hold a Master’s degree or equivalent in relevant subject from a recognized university with an aggregate of at least 55% marks to seek admission to the Ph.D. program.
Admission to the Ph.D. program will be granted based on the score obtained in GATE/ NET/ SET or SVET Entrance Test conducted by the university followed by an interview.